xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/DrawBoundingBox.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.DrawBoundingBox
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/LoginModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.LoginModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/CriminalResultPopupBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.CriminalResultPopupBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/PopupWindowBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.PopupWindowBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/RegisterModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.RegisterModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/APIInterface/RetrofitLostAPI.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.APIInterface.RetrofitLostAPI
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/APIInterface/RetrofitCriminalAPI.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.APIInterface.RetrofitCriminalAPI
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/MarkAttendanceResponseModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.MarkAttendanceResponseModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/IPActivity.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.IPActivity
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.IPActivity$1
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/RegisterCrimlostPopupBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.RegisterCrimlostPopupBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/RegisterPhoto.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$2
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$3
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$3$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$3$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$4
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$4$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$4$2
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPhoto$4$3
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/ActivityRegisterPhotoBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.ActivityRegisterPhotoBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/ActivityRegisterPageBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.ActivityRegisterPageBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/LostRegisterModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.LostRegisterModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/CriminalRegisterModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.CriminalRegisterModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/ActivityIPBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.ActivityIPBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/RegisterPage.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.RegisterPage
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/CriminalCheckResponseModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.CriminalCheckResponseModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/FragmentAttendanceBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.FragmentAttendanceBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/LoginScreenBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.LoginScreenBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/LostCheckModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.LostCheckModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/LostCheckResponseModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.LostCheckResponseModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/FragmentCriminalBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.FragmentCriminalBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/SplashScreen.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.SplashScreen
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/Utility.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.Utility
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/APIInterface/RetrofitAttendanceAPI.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.APIInterface.RetrofitAttendanceAPI
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/APIInterface/RetrofitRegisterAPI.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.APIInterface.RetrofitRegisterAPI
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/BuildConfig.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.BuildConfig
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/BoundingBoxFrameAnalyzer.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.BoundingBoxFrameAnalyzer
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.BoundingBoxFrameAnalyzer$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.BoundingBoxFrameAnalyzer$2
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/MarkAttendanceModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.MarkAttendanceModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/HomePageBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.HomePageBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/SigninPopupWindowBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.SigninPopupWindowBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/SplashScreenBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.SplashScreenBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/models/CriminalCheckModel.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.models.CriminalCheckModel
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/StringConstants.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.StringConstants
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/databinding/PhotoCheckPopupBinding.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.databinding.PhotoCheckPopupBinding
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/LoginActivity.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.LoginActivity
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.LoginActivity$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.LoginActivity$2
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/HomeFragment.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomeFragment
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/CriminalFragment.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$1$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$2
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$3
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$4
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$5
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$6
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$7
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$7$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.CriminalFragment$8
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/HomePage.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$2
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$3
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$4
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$4$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$4$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$4$1$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$4$1$1$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$5
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$5$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$5$2
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$5$3
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.HomePage$5$4
xyz/prathamgandhi/copx/AttendanceFragment.java
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$2
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$2$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$2$1$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$3
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$4
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$4$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$5
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$6
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$6$1
 xyz.prathamgandhi.copx.AttendanceFragment$7
